okay I decided to make a video of me
making that's like a Fender preamp it's
just a 5 watt power amp all tube and I
don't have a shear so I gotta cut the
case or the chassis with a saw and I
gotta bend it on the vise so far I've
got two bins done turning out pretty
good so far
and that's about it well there's the
case after I got done cutting it down
bending it grinding it turned out pretty
good it's pretty smooth anyways you know
on to the next step okay here's the
chassis after I got the holes drilled
out and everything
now it's time to paint it and then mount
the transformers and circuit board and
pots and everything else okay paying the
case I'll let that sucka dry
everything started in it's time to check
the voltage before you put the tubes in
show your voltage is right here's what
it looks like let's check the voltage
okay a few things get remember you know
there's extremely high voltage in here
some amps go five six hundred volts this
one's about three hundred let's see we
got here
turn the power pilot lights on check out
a six volt here it's our heater wires
that's prawn do you see that might help
we've got seven volts about three and a
half to ground voltage always a drop
soon as you put the tubes in and
everything green or the six volt
here's the high voltage right here go
through the diodes and rectifies it DC
so we've got 435 208 mmm 218 good
check our B+ voltages yeah we check with
the tubes out first case there's
something wrong let's rectify it so now
we got to go to DC go for 303 now if you
put the tubes in voltage is gonna drop
okay
I've checked the voltages at the tubes
and everything's fine you never turned
the tube map on without a speaker hooked
up or some kind of resistor a dummy load
it's really bad
and see if we get sound
and there we go slap in the cabinet and
check it out okay here's my latest amp I
took a old Fender frontman and gutted it
put a Fender basically it's a 5 watt
single ended two tube amp I used a
Fender preamp and a vendor tone stack
it's a tidge speaker on now it's time to
do some audio samples
oh yeah that's about it
this amp has zero distortion laws I can
turn it basically does it's not distort
except for the speaker of I wanna blow
up
you